Basically, the animal
nucleotides are taking over
from the human ones.
And whatever it is...
it's changing.
CATHERINE: He's becoming
less human.
He says it's mutating;
becoming more animal.
I should probably go.
Heather, uh...
I need your keys.
I need to go and find somebody.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪
HEATHER: Is that her?
Is that Cat?
Stay in the car.
HEATHER:
Wait! Evan...!
(growls softly)
NYPD!
Who's out there?
Cat... Cat, can you hear me?
Oh, my God...
Oh, my God.
Heather, I need you!
HEATHER (crying):
Cat...!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God! Is she okay?
She is bleeding
everywhere.
That's the least of her problems.
She's barely breathing.
What?!
Decreased inhalation
on the right side.
Well, then get
her to a hospital.
She won't make it to a hospital.
Her lung is collapsing.
I need you to go
back to the car,
get that flask of
vodka that you had.
I need a knife, and a glove,
and a rubber band.
Okay...
You're going to be
all right, okay?
Just hang in there.
Just stay with me,
all right?
(car door shuts)
Come on, Heather!
Here, here, here.
Great. That's great.
Well done.
Okay...
Okay, this is the compress.
Give me your hand. Give it here.
What?!
Put pressure on it,
and hold down.
Keep holding it down.
Okay.
We can't let any more air get in.
I think I saw something
in the trees.
There's nothing out there.
Just stay focused, okay?
Everything's
going to be fine.
(crying)
You're doing great;
just keep that pressure on.
I'm going to replace that
with this glove, all right?
Now keep the
pressure down on that.
Okay...
Wha-wha...?
Trust me.
(puncturing)
Okay, Heather.
Breathe.
(labored gasp)
Breathe...
That's it.
(anxious sigh)
(weak exhale)
She's going to be fine.
Okay, you need to
call 911, tell them
you have an officer down
with a bullet wound, okay?
We need a Medevac to
New York General immediately.
(weak, labored breathing)
Just keep breathing.
(siren wails in distance)
(siren continues,
getting closer)
NURSE (distant, echoing):
Hey, you're awake.
(echoing fades): Don't worry...
it's all going to be fine.
I have... no idea where I am.
New York General.
You were
Medevac'd in last night.
First-timer, I take it.
Well, I called and said
the other bed was broken,
so you could have
some peace and quiet.
Thank you.
Don't really need any
crazy roommates right now.
Speaking of, um...
have you seen my sister?
A small version of you,
teetering around on heels,
reeking of vodka?
Sounds about right.
She wouldn't
leave your side.
I finally gave her a
banana bag for her hangover
and sent her home to sleep.
You did great in surgery.
Both of them.
Both?
What are you talking about?
The police said you crawled out
of a mangled car.
Apparently, some do-gooder
doctor found you,
performed a needle thoracostomy
on you in the field,
with a pocket knife.
If it wasn't for him,
you'd be dead.
And I'm guessing from that
look, you know who he is.
He must be special.
And then some.
I had someone like that once.
(sighing): And as much
as I'd like to over-share,
I have rounds.
Um, the doctor
will be in shortly.
Hang in there.
Thanks.
(phone vibrating, buzzing)
TESS (over phone):
Cat, I'm so sorry.
I just got the message.
I should have
been there for you.
I'm on my way now with John
Hughes movies and Red Vines.
Vincent.
What if someone sees you?
Playing doctor is
kind of in my wheelhouse.
Besides, I, uh...
I needed to see you.
Thank you.
My nurse told me about that
procedure you did.
Yeah, uh, about that...
The amazing roadside save.
Catherine, uh...
Vincent,
I'm alive because of you.
It wasn't me.
It was, uh,
it was Evan, actually.
I, uh, I just ripped the car
door off, I got you out,
and, I wanted to stay,
uh, to help.
But, I just... I couldn't, you
know, get back to... being me.
And, uh, Evan pulled up,
so I had to make a choice.
He was your best option.
You still saved my life.
If you hadn't got me
out of that car,
Evan never would have
gotten to me in time.
Well, if he hadn't shown
up though, then what?
Sure, I can pull a car door off,
but you needed a doctor and...
I couldn't help you,
you know.
In that moment, all I could do
was... watch you slip away.
You know,
I thought that I lost you.
You didn't lose me.
I'm right here.
And... I accept
all of what you are.
That's what I was
coming to tell you.
I was driving
into the city.
Even though
your DNA is changing,
that doesn't have to change
things between us.
You know you say that now,
but just wait until I sprout
whiskers and a tail.
(phone beeping)
Um...
It's Evan.
He's on his way up.
You know
if I could stay, I would.
I know you would.
Uh...
You should
probably know that Evan
might have seen me
on the road last night.
(whispers):
Okay.
Bye.
♪ I'm the blade
♪ You're the knife
♪ I'm a weight
♪ You're the kite...
WOMAN:
Vincent!
♪ Is this my life?
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh...
Vincent Keller!
♪ Am I breathing
♪ Underwater?
♪ Beauty and the Beast 1x10 ♪
Seeing Red
Original Air Date on January 24, 2013
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Cocky grin, bit of
a swagger, flowers...
Someone's feeling good
about themselves.
Just thinking
about how much you owe me
for saving your life.
Didn't I just save your life?
Wasn't that you
a couple weeks ago...
psycho subway killer?
Yeah, the statute of limitations
on that expired days ago.
Did it?
Thank you.
I couldn't lose you.
So, you are a roadside surgeon.
You know, if I could make
six figures a year doing that,
I would not be in a basement
cutting open dead people.
And, the way that you pulled me
out of Heather's car...
Pulled you out?
No, I just bravely slammed
on the brakes,
so I didn't flatten you.
So, I was... already on the
roadway when you found me?
Yeah, you must have crawled out
before you lost consciousness.
You did lose a hell
of a lot of blood.
So, I guess I'm a living,
breathing miracle.
You are to me.
Could I...?
Yeah, of course,
um, do you thing.
Uh, I'll check back
with you later.
Okay.
Uh, it's not something wrong
with my X-ray, is it?
Oh, no. No, no.
Everything's...
everything's fine with you.
Um, weird question:
The doctor that came
in here earlier,
do you know him?
I don't know which doctor
you're talking about.
He's tall, um, he was
wearing a lab coat,
had a scar on his face.
Another nurse saw him
walk out of your room.
Uh, yeah, a doctor did come
in here to check my chart.
I didn't recognize
him though. Why?
(sighs)
Still cool to over-share?
Always.
I know this is going to...
sound crazy, but...
the doctor I saw is
supposed to be dead.
It was Vincent Keller.
Hey.
So, I've been thinking,
maybe you're mutating DNA
could be another
evolutionary step.
Like, a-a new manimal ability
breaking through.
Anything physical changing?
I don't know, man, I guess.
My eyes have
been playing up on me.
Probably just allergies,
but who knows.
We can't really predict
how you'll evolve.
Maybe you'll change
genders like a clown fish.
(laughs)
Come on, that was a joke.
Yeah...
What?
I saw Alex today.
Alex Salter?
Yeah, I didn't talk to her,
I just, I ran, you know.
Like I did ten years ago.
You have to stop beating
yourself up, man.
You know, I never
got to say good-bye and...
I never even reached
out when I got back.
And you had a damn good reason.
Muirfield was hunting you.
If they found you
anywhere near her, they'd--
No, you're right,
you're right.
I never wanted her
involved in any of this.
The return of reason?
Mm-hmm.
(laughs)
My favorite part.
I was actually off the campus
to get some of my own.
Sarah's an
earth sciences professor,
emphasis in evolution.
Sarah...!
Thought I might hit her up with
some veiled mutation questions.
Good for you.
Hey, just remember
to, uh, make sure
I'm not turning into a
female clown fish, okay?
(laughs) Or are you?
Funny.
(phone vibrating, buzzing)
HEATHER:
You should've seen Evan.
He was, like,
ripping his clothes off,
and I was all Meredith Grey,
like, holding the
bloody compress for him.
Thanks for all the details.
Yeah.
Wait... (groans)
am I holding you up,
or are you
holding me up?
I am so sorry.
Or hung over.
Could-could I just run to
the pharmacy really quickly?
A coffee plus aspirin and
I'm good to go, I promise.
I'll be right back.
You go.
I'll just be right here.
I'll be holding this wall up.
Okay.
(groans)
Did you get my message?
I told you it isn't safe
to come back here.
And I didn't want
Heather to overhear.
Okay, so what's going on?
Evan trying to hunt down
the vigilante again?
More like my nurse.
You might know her--
Alex Salter.
Who is she?
Uh... we were just friends.
We grew up together.
Her, me, JT, my brothers,
you know...
and, uh, and later,
we-we were pretty close.
Well, that explains it.
Explains what?
Why she was such a wreck.
No... no, no,
no, no, no.
You're just misreading her.
It's been over ten years.
She saw a ghost.
No, Vincent,
I'm not misreading her.
I should go; Heather's
going to be here any second.
(car alarm chirps)
It's me.
Two soldiers came to
your mom's house.
They said you were dead.
Alex...
I was... I was a part of
a Special Ops force.
Okay, I... I had
seen too much, and...
I knew too much.
I threw dirt on
your casket, Vince.
(crying)
What could be so bad
that I had to do that?
I know that this is going
to be hard to understand, okay?
But you have to believe me.
I promise the funeral was...
it was to protect you
and everyone I cared about.
Alex, my enemies, they were
out there; they were watching.
I mean... they are
still out there.
You could've come to me.
No, no, it was
far too dangerous.
You would've been
caught in the crossfire.
These people,
they are dangerous,
and they want me dead.
This... whole secret life...
what do you do?
It's not much of a life.
Who else knows?
Fine.
Wh-What about the detective?
Who is she?
And don't say no one.
She's just, she's a cop
that they assigned me to.
All right?
She looks out for me.
She's like a, like a handler.
You should've
just given up on me.
I loved you.
Alex, when I saw you
today in the hospital--
You mean, when you ran away.
I have... played this
moment over and over
in my head for years.
Okay?
I'm-I'm-I'm so sorry.
I can't do this.
Alex, I wanted to
contact you every day.
Okay? Believe me.
Every day, but...
it was easier to imagine that
you had some perfect husband,
and three perfect
kids somewhere.
I wanted that in
my life, once.
We both did.
But I just...
Couldn't move on.
Am I going to see you again?
A stuffed bear?
How pathetic am I?
No... you?
Not even on
the Richter scale.
Your loser partner,
closing in on a ten.
Wait, no Red Vines?
(sighs)
Who knew 11 was even possible?
I'm sorry.
There is no way we could've
known what would happen to me.
You have to let it go, okay?
Okay.
No, not okay.
Shoulders aren't lifting.
What's up with you?
You said you were staying
late to work on stuff.
(sighs)
Fine. Um, well, you know,
last night in the precinct,
Joe and I had a
couple drinks, maybe more,
and it got... weird.
Weird, how?
Naked weird?
No. But he's married.
And even if they're
having problems,
I don't want to
be sloppy seconds.
You know, the other
woman thing sucks.
Yeah, you never know
where you stand.
Okay, if we
don't drop this,
I'm going to break
out into a rash.
What's on the laptop-- porn?
No...
Uh! My turn to pry.
(groans)
Well, a little
Facebook stalking.
Alex Salter.
And he's...
A she, my nurse.
I don't know,
a little detective thing.
TESS: All right, well,
if you want to know
who's changing your bed pan,
ditch the social media crap,
and get on the NYPD database.
That's a little bit deeper
than I wanted to dig.
I got a hit.
She doesn't have a record,
but she filed six police
reports in three months.
She complained of
someone following her,
checking her e-mails,
wire tapping,
and breaking and entering.
But there's no signs
of forced entry.
Are there any leads?
Well, it's Precinct 86.
Those stooges haven't even
looked into it yet.
Only thing they did
was make notes.
"Paranoid and delusional."
That's pretty big words
for those guys.
But, then again, your nurse
does sound a little 5150.
(yawns)
Okay, this is going about as
well as my love live, so...
why don't I let you rest?
Okay.
Thanks, Tess.
You got it.
See you tomorrow?
Okay.
(auto-dial beeping)
(line ringing)
What?
CATHERINE: I think that
Alex is being watched.
She says there's some
faceless person following her.
They tapped her phone,
broke into her apartment.
Well, it wasn't Vincent.
He never went to see her,
he always said it was
too painful.
He cared about her too much.
Well, does it sound like
someone else we know?
Walks around without a face...
taps into electronics
without being detected.
JT, what if this is Muirfield?
Oh, God.
Put Vincent on the phone.
I need to warn him.
I can't.
Why?
I-I'm guessing he's with Alex.
(sighs)
(monitor alarm beeps)
(car alarm chirps)
(gasps)
I saw you with your
little soldier boyfriend.
That was him, right?
I bet he's
gonna miss you.
I've been thinking about
this for a long time.
(gunshot)
Stop! (groans)
(gasping)
I don't even know
how to thank you.
(grunts)
How did you know
I'd be in trouble?
I, uh... I didn't.
I was just stopping by to say
thank you for the great
health care.
Or maybe you started
keeping tabs on me,
because of Vince?
Of him coming to see me, I mean.
It's okay.
Vince told me everything.
Obviously, that's...
that's just what you do
when you're somebody's handler.
Alex, uh, who was that guy?
Uh...
I'd never
seen him before, but...
he seemed to know me.
He said he'd been thinking
about doing this for years.
Detective Chandler,
he might be the person
that's been watching me.
I had a break-in
a few weeks ago.
Oh, really?
Did, uh,
they take anything?
No.
It was weird.
I think whoever it was
just went through my closet.
♪ Will you drive with me?
♪ Where we cannot go,
I'll wait for you ♪
♪ In the rolling sea
ALEX: You take
cream in that?
Oh, uh, no.
Just black, thanks.
♪ I will no longer dance
in your arms ♪
♪ Can you say, can you say
♪ That you danced
♪ This is far from your heart
♪ It's enough for you now
♪ 'Cause everything's falling ♪
♪ Yeah, everything's falling
♪ Yeah, everything's
falling ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh
♪ You came when he called...
(knocking at door)
VINCENT: Alex.
Alex, it's Vince.
Open up.
Vince?
Hey.
You okay?
Uh, Catherine called
and left a message.
What's going on?
Oh, she's...
she's amazing.
Your handler, she...
she saved my life.
Right.
ALEX: I, uh... wasn't sure
if I was gonna see you again.
VINCENT:
Yeah, well, I'm-I'm here now.
Is she
in there?
ALEX: Oh, yes, sorry.
She's right in here.
She's in the bedroom.
"Handler"? Really?
I didn't know
what else to say, I...
Sorry, uh,
no trace of the perp.
Well, they already
dusted for prints
so I figured it was a long shot.
But he was in the apartment?
Yeah, we think
a couple weeks ago,
so any scent of him
is probably
long gone.
They find
any other evidence?
A hair, some mud from shoes,
but I never heard back.
Probably booked it
into Property
without analyzing it.
Sometimes it's easier
to call someone crazy
rather than
face the facts.
You stay here with her.
I'll be back.
(wry laugh)
Cat, what the hell
are you doing here?
Following up on evidence.
Yeah, of course, but
when you called it in,
I thought you were
actually calling it in.
Sit down.
Okay.
(groans)
Your bandage is
bleeding through.
Did your doctor release you?
Yeah.
He said he was fine
with my recovery.
Take down your jacket.
Evan, you don't have to do this.
Look, if he's not going to
look after you properly,
I sure as hell am.
(sighs)
(groans quietly)
By the way,
my nurse said your work was
"exquisite."
She said that only
the best-trained surgeon
could have pulled that off.
Not a medical examiner
for NYPD.
Another time, Cat.
You, uh, get a match on that hair?
I did.
But why are you digging around
in an old case
from Precinct 86?
Just a favor.
And because it's
Precinct 86.
Point taken.
Yeah, I pulled
a name and a photo.
He's an ex-con,
released a couple of months ago.
goes by the name of Connor...
Connor Sorvino-- he was shot
twice in the takedown.
He had three months in recovery,
and the hospital
records I pulled,
they showed you
as the attending.
Oh, my God.
We used to call him "Con Man."
He-he thought he was
in love with me.
He kept asking me
to marry him,
but I said...
What is it?
Over-share, remember?
I... said I was already in love.
That my heart belonged
to someone else.
Uh, okay, uh, Catherine, you got
to put a call out on that guy.
He's dangerous.
It's not as easy as that.
Forensics will sweep this
place and Alex's car.
ALEX: Meaning they'll...
they'll find Vince's DNA?
No, no. We can't have that.
VINCENT: I'm not
having you walk around
like some kind of target.
ALEX: Use me
as bait.
I'll have you two
looking out for me.
No.
If we could draw him out.
That's not a good idea.
Just listen.
Connor's hacked
my e-mails, I know it.
Sometimes he forgets to mark
the new ones "unread."
If I write to a friend
and say that I was
taking off after a shift
to be with the guy I love.
CATHERINE:
We don't know
if he'll take that bait.
Wait, are you saying
that this is a good call?
It's not your call.
It's mine.
(typing)
(indistinct conversation)
♪
(explosion thunders,
people scream)
Over here; come with me.
Come with me!
This way! This way!
(alarm buzzing)
Damn it!
What's wrong?
She was just here!
She's still here.
We'll find her.
(panting)
Okay, come on.
This place is
a damn echo chamber.
I can hardly hear them.
It's gonna be quicker
to find her if we split up.
Or you find Connor first.
And then what?
I don't think I can
cover up for you again.
Alex's life is at stake.
Just be careful. (sighs)
(panting)
(alarm buzzing)
(groans)
Connor! Connor, please!
Stop! Please, you...
Please, you don't...
Shut up. Shut up!
You don't have to do...
Please! Please!
ALEX: You don't have
to do this!
I-I was good to you.
I-I took care of you.
That's why you would've been
the perfect wife.
All you had to say was yes.
(gasps)
When I saw you
with that Army grunt,
I knew you'd never
love anyone else,
that no one could take
the place of... (clicking in distance)
...your first love.
Please... let me go!
Police!
No!
No! Please...!
(soft growl)
Vincent, wait!
(groans in pain)
ALEX:
No...!
Please...!
(Alex grunts, sobs)
Vincent! Vincent!
Get in there!
Vincent!
(growls)
(growling)
Let me guess: Soldier boy,
come to rescue
your sweetheart.
You willing to die for her?
(gunfire)
She's obviously
in love with you.
(gunfire)
Looks like you're still
in love with her.
(gunfire)
(generators whirring,
powering down)
(alarm rings)
(raspy breathing)
Great!
I can't see you.
But if you don't come out...
how will you ever
save her from me?
No?
Okay.
But you just remember...
this was your choice.
(growling)
How'd you do that?
(switches clank,
generators whirr)
VINCENT:
Alex!
Help! Vincent!
(gasping, sobbing)
I thought I'd lost you again.
You okay?
Yeah.
Okay.
♪ Is this my life?
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh
♪ Am I breathing
♪ Underwater?
♪ Underwater...?
Night vision?
Fricking night vision?
That is so cool.
And way better
than a sex change.
Man, you'd be an ugly chick.
Yeah, and sending you out to buy
bras would've been awkward.
Well,
if it makes you feel any better,
I don't think gender
reassignment's
on the mutation menu.
Thanks.
So, why is it
happening now, then?
I think it's been
happening for a while,
we just missed the symptoms.
You, roaming around
on autopilot--
there's a physical toll
to evolving so fast.
So, what, they're basically
growing pains?
Think about it:
what you developed in a week,
most species would take
a million years to pull off.
Yeah, well, I'm just glad
it happened when it did.
Must have felt pretty good
to save Alex.
Yeah. Yeah, it did.
Anyway, aren't you late
for office hours?
(knocking on door)
EVAN:
Dr. Forbes.
Evan Marks.
NYPD, Medical Examiner's Office.
Do you have a moment?
Is there a problem?
Uh... I got,
like, 50 exams to grade.
No, not at all.
It's about something
that you wrote
eight years ago,
on cross-species DNA.
It's a strange subject.
But I'm curious on the paper
that you published on it.
Oh, yeah, the whole "Dolly
the Sheep" thing went down
and I was trying
to ride that wave.
But that was years ago.
Well, you raised some
very valid questions back then,
on how to splice species,
and how to reverse it.
Well, it wasn't as breakthrough
as I thought.
It was a dead end.
See, I don't think it was.
In fact, I'll go on further
and say that I have
evidence that a cross-species
creature exists.
All right, I'm on the edge
of something groundbreaking.
But this isn't exactly
my area of expertise.
I could do with the help
of a biochemist...
and I was hoping that it'd be
the man who published
a paper on it.
You really want
out of that morgue.
I just don't want someone
that I care about
to end up in it.
You... think this thing's
a threat to her?
Or... him?
I would include you
in all aspects
of the investigation.
We'd share research,
information, everything.
Even the spotlight.
So, what do you say?
I can help you with that.
The, uh...
the dressing part.
No, I got it.
(clears throat softly)
What do you got there?
What? What is it?
Show me.
(sighs)
You took this?
I didn't mean to.
It really...
it was an accident.
Um...
I don't know.
I guess I, uh...
I wanted to know him.
Hey, that guy isn't
completely gone, okay?
Not when you're with her.
You and I...
we came together
out of some pretty dark places.
It doesn't mean
that this isn't real.
It doesn't mean that it's good.
Is this your way
of dodging you and me?
Think about it.
You know, why are
we still stuck here?
You know, why don't
you and me move forward?
It... it's complicated.
No, I think it's convenient
that it's complicated.
Remember that
I've watched over you for years.
I know your patterns,
and you like to pick
bad boys.
Yeah, so you don't
have to get serious.
You can keep your distance.
And I guess, in a way,
I am the ultimate bad boy.
Because I'm not really
an option for you, am I?
You want me to believe
that your ex showing up
doesn't change everything?
It-it doesn't change us.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I...
don't remember how to be
close with somebody.
But can you look me in the eye
and tell me that you don't
still have feelings for...
(both sigh)
She still loves you, Vincent.
Maybe you need to find out
if you still love her.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org